docs(pull-request): Auto-Releases (#288)
camunda/infra-global-github-actions: teams/infra/pull-request/README.md

It can also handle monorepos with multiple packages, but we'll come to that later on.

## How to Integrate
To integrate the `Auto-Release` functionality you need the following basics:

* A release-please-config file ([example](./release/release-please-config.json)) which controls the behavior of how release-please acts when managing releases. It contains
  * A list of commit-prefixes to listen to
  * A list of packages to be released (or only `.` if it's not a monorepo)
  * General and package-specific configuration on how to create release tags
* A release-please-manifest file which contains the latest released version number of each package
* 2 workflow files
  * `release.yml` - gets triggered on pushes to the mainline branch and calls `release-please` under the hood. You can just copy [the example]()
  * `automerge.yml` - ideally a cronjob (e.g. `weekly`) which leverages `pascalgn/automerge-action` to merge. You can just copy [the example](./automerge/README.md) from the readme into your workflows folder.

> That's basically it.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this phrase, the docs should be as short and dry in their language as possible.

```suggestion
```

> Once everything got merged, you'll ideally be presented with a new release PR which you can merge directly or wait for the automerge to kick in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once everything got merged, you'll see a new release PR which you can merge directly or wait for the automerge workflow to do it.
```

## Integration Examples
* Simple release: https://github.com/camunda/infra-k8s-webhook/pull/86
* Monorepo Example: https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docker-ci-postgresql/pull/29

## Pre-Commit Hook

> Since release-please depends on [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) to bump versions appropriately it's recommended to enforce the usage of these by pre-commit hooks. Just look at one of the above's examples to see how it's done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since release-please depends on [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) to bump versions appropriately it's required to enforce the usage of these by pre-commit hooks. Just look at one of the above's examples to see how it's done.
```
